#About the Posthuman Framework

* Why you should like it:
	* It's SASS based. 
	* It's a grid system.
	* It has a default (yet very minimal) style generator.
	* It's a variable driven framework for quick site building with minimal weight. If you don't like the default, change the variable.
	* There is absolutely no javascript, allowing faster customization without overriding default functionality or resolving conflicts. Use your favorite plugins.
		
This was built thinking about frameworks providing exactly what you need and nothing more. **Each file can be used independently**, which is something that is becoming increasingly uncommon in current frameworks. If you need a grid, just use the grid. That's it. 

Variables can be set to override the defaults (a document is provided with all available variables) without having to re-write anything generated by the framework, or having to change the core files. (Please never ever change core files!)

##What you need to know.

Listen, there are a lot of different things you can do with this. I'm going to trust that you understand SASS/SCSS and Git (so that you know how changing these files will be impacted if you pull another update).

###Core functionality files
* _grid.scss
	* The grid system. Provides everything you would need to build a flexible grid-based responsive website, offering 3 media queries for a little extra customization.
* _elements.scss
	* Provides default styles which are mostly generated matematically for the size of almost every element, as well as some very basic default styling for quick identification of what you're working on, and what you still need to change.
	
###Use these if you're using the core
* _reset.scss
	* A reset file created by [Eric Meyer](http://meyerweb.com/eric/tools/css/reset/). This creates a good starting point for getting rid of default browser styling and making things consistent. We built this with this reset, so using anything else is at your own risk. 
* _variables.scss
	* Contains all variables which can be changed from the core. If you would like to change a variable, uncomment it and change it as you wish.
	
###Extra files that do other important things, but are unimportant on their own.
* app.scss
	* This file is just the import file. It compiles your scss documents into css. You should know how to use this if you're using this. By default it imports all of the other 6 files, but if you're using your own, or aren't using some of the files, you should edit it or create your own.
* _fonts.scss
	* Sets some default fonts that we like using Google Fonts. Most people will liikely not import this and use their own. If you're looking for something quick or don't care about typography (which you should), just leave this in.
* _styles.scss
	* Currently the styles used for the demo site, but you'll likely want to use this for your own custom styles.